  The Guard Duty VN Software/Code is released under the GPLv3. Any code contributions
you make to this project are made with the understanding that that code will be open source.
You may contribute this code as your own or give the rights to license this code directly
to HydroPlume Games. Contributions directly to the guard-duty-demo-vn repository on GitHub
via pull-request, merge, or other git / github based functions may be modified and reused
elsewhere in the code for Guard Duty VN. Use in other projects is subject to your terms.

  If these terms are not agreeable to you, you must contact us to request an exception (and
have received in writing confirmation of such an exception if given) before contributing, or
else you should not contribute.

  Other contributions, such as art (images, picture, video, music, etc.), are entirely
negotiable in terms of our license to use them. You may request specific instructions to
the use of your art. We reserve the right to refuse contributions.

  Note that any art relating to or derived from SCP is subject to the SCP Foundation's rights
to those IPs. You may not make requests (and we shall not agree to any requests) that suggest
these licenses do not apply.

  Also take note that art relating to or derived from DDLC is subject to Team Salvato's rights
to those IPs. If your art does not conform to Team Salvato's IP Guidelines or we have reason
to suspect your art infringes on Team Salvato's rights, we will refuse to use such assets,
and attempt to inform the rights holders if it is deemed necessary.

  We appreciate all help we can get, and I apologize if any of the above looks scary and legal.
We want to see all our projects succeed, and the only way to do that is to respect all rights
holders and creative talents, including you. We want to give everyone as much leeway as
possible while still adhering to the licenses of our source material.

  Help with documentation, translation, typos, etc. as well as any suggestions are useful to
all open source projects. If you are not sure: ask.

  As a final note, if you believe that we are not in compliance with the above licenses, please
let us know. This organization currently relies on common sense for these things.
